the board has no further need of public
comment for the business at hand this
meeting as such
this session will not include public
comment and with that I will call the
meeting to order at 15 30.
hey we please stand for the Pledge of
Allegiance
I pledge allegiance
[Music]
I'd like a motion to approve the agenda
I'll make a motion to approve I would
like to make a motion to amend by
striking item 4A from the agenda okay I
recognize uh Vice chair Brown
I recognize Vice chair Brown to strike
the make a motion to strike the agenda
item 4A from the agenda do I hear a
second
okay any comments
I I'm against striking that at that item
um
okay and
consideration
4A is consideration and approval of
rescinding the selection of
superintendent candidate
[Music]
here hearing no further debate
all those in favor of striking
uh item 4A from the agenda police say
aye aye aye those opposed nay nay okay
and not going on the record is trustee
Hall
okay the chair cost for a motion to
adopt the amended agenda
chairman I make a motion to adopt the
agenda amended agenda do I have a second
okay
all those in favor of adopting the
amended agenda police say hey hey
those opposed nay okay the motion
carries
the next item of business is the um in
consideration of evidence which recently
come to light that improper and
unprofessional
discussions may have occurred
between District employees and legal
counsel in regard to this subject
that such discussion may have violated
proper procedures following the
executive session of June 7th and which
requires further investigation the chair
calls for a motion to table item 4B
subject to the call of the chair
man I make
I make a table item four
full subject to the
class okay
Vice chair Brown makes a motion to table
item 4B subject to the call of the chair
do I hear a second I'll second that okay
trustee reinbolt seconds
I'd like to make I'd like to make a
comment on that one
I would also I need to know before this
on the other side prior to Monday's
meeting
what I because I have asked the chair
several times what legal counsel has
been re has been has had the
conversation regarding the contract and
addendum and I asked at the last meeting
on Monday specifically had you talked
with Brett Walter at that time
I am still not I do not I'd like to know
the communications and email that you
have had with district attorney legal
counsel
but prior to Monday's meeting regarding
the contract and the addendum that is
that is it before us and I if you have
other Council legal counsel that you
have been inquiring to I'd like to know
the attorney the legal firm and Mr Durst
attorney legal firm and the Idaho
Freedom foundation's legal attorney and
firm to make sure that this board is not
put into liability we limit our
liability as a board individually and as
a as a group okay the com the the I've
been in contact with our legal counsel
um what's the name
um Brett Walther
and do you have Communications in
writing on that or by email that the
board you can share with the board yes
I would like to click call that for that
okay
and what day was that after also between
Monday and Wednesday
today that was between Monday and
Wednesday and it was not it did not go
through the board and the board was not
notified
I understand that but we to make a
decision I feel it's important that
Council that the board see the legal
counsel's Communications if there's
anything pertinent of
regarding the um
regarding the contract or the addendum
and I would be asking that as I shared
with all of you when was Mike Roby or
whomever I gave you a report regarding
the legal counsel feedback okay the
legal counsel was not shared with the
board therefore it was
um cannot be considered and and this
motion cannot be considered or this
agenda item cannot be considered at this
time
okay
so the motion on the table is what again
the table item 4B subject to the call of
the chair
no so it at times certain do we have a
time and date that you're thinking that
you're considering it's the call of the
chair okay
okay no further debate I call
freedom of speech no further debate look
I'm calling for the vote all those in
favor of tabling item 4B
police say I I
can use
it those
those
um
those not in favor of tabling
um item 4B place a name
4B is on the agenda
[Music]
okay
the hearing
the motion the the agenda has been or
the
agenda item has been removed
I need a motion to adjourn make a motion
to adjourn
a motion to adjourn oh second okay
all those in favor adjourning say aye
aye thank you
meeting over
[Applause]